chore(release): Automated agent plugin release notes (v0.10.9) (#1092)
armory/docs: content/en/armory-enterprise/release-notes/rn-armory-agent/agent-plugin/agent-plug-v-0-10-9.md

---
title: v0.10.9 Armory Agent Clouddriver Plugin (2021-12-14)
toc_hide: true
version: 00.10.09
---

> Added support for reading resourceVersion in Manifest events as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Improvements

Added support for reading `resourceVersion` in Manifest events.
```
